Instructions for replacing the boot images

You configure the boot images by editing the file named 'configuration'.
This file contains lines of the following form:

type    arg1   arg2    ...

The valid types are: resolution, palette, on, wipe, and background. They are
described in detail at the end. There must be a palette. There may be at most
one on image and one wipe image. Multiple background images may be specified.

After you have properly edited the configuration file, run the replaceimages
script with the path to the zbeos whose images you wish to replace.  The final
size of zbeos can be no larger than about 63k.

You can strip the image entirely from zbeos by running the stripimage script
with the path to zbeos as an argument. Note: the replaceimages script cannot
operate on a stripped zbeos.
---
CONFIGURATION FILE SYNTAX

resolution
----------
Syntax:
resolution     x-resolution    y-resolution   bits-per-pixel

Example:
resolution     1024            768            16

Description:
This 'type' specifies the initial VESA 2 resolution to start in. If this
'type' doesn't appear in the configuration file or if the specified resolution
is unavailable at boot time, the boot loader will default to 640x480x4.
Valid values for the bits per pixel argument are: 8, 15, 16, 32.

palette
-------
Syntax:
palette     filename

Example:
palette     custom.pal

Description:
This specifies the file to use as the palette for the images appearing on
the boot screen. The file should contain RGB data for at most 256 colors.
If necessary, the boot loader will match each palette entry to the nearest
color in the app server palette.

on, wipe, background
--------------------
Syntax:
on           width     height    x     y     filename
wipe         width     height    x     y     filename
background   width     height    x     y     filename

Example:
background   32        76        102   200   icons.raw

Description:
These specify the various images that are drawn onto the screen. The 'on'
image should contain a strip with 7 enabled boot icons. 1/7th of this
image (split horizontally) is drawn periodically during the boot process.
The wipe image is wiped onto the screen during the initial boot process.
The background image is faded onto the screen and appears behind the other
images. The x and y coordinates are proportionally adjusted is the screen
resolution is altered from the default, although the image is not scaled
to match.  All images must be saved one byte per pixel, in the palette given.
